Now, the only other view inside of our application that we need to
make is the actual tweet view when you click on a tweet.
So, you'll notice here that we get the tweet itself,
and then we get an ability to reply to this tweet.
But if we click on one that has a few different replies,
you'll notice what we get is the tweet itself,
an ability to reply,
and then all of the replies to this original tweet.
So, one thing to notice is that React router is eventually
going to be what is rendering this component,
and we are going to get the ID of the Tweet by using a URL parameter here.
So now, inside of our Components folder,
let's actually make this new component.
We will call it TweetPage.
We will import the usual suspects,
React and Component from React.
What we want to render first is just a div,
and then we can go ahead and export this.
First, let's just render TweetPage,
so that we can make sure that this is working.
So, just as we did with our other components,
let's go into our main App.js file and import TweetPage from /TweetPage.
Then instead of rendering New Tweet down here we want to render our TweetPage component.
As I mentioned earlier,
what's going to happen is when React router renders this component,
it's going to pass to it the specific URL parameter as match.params.id.
So, what we will do because we're not using
React router yet is we just want to fake that.
So, we will give this a match prop which is an object
that has a param property on it, which has an ID.
Now, what we need is one of the IDs of the tweets inside of our application.
So, let's grab one of those.
We can grab this one right here.
So, this is going to be passed to our components that then,
when we do add in React router we don't need to change anything
because we'll already be passed match.params.id.
Then now, inside of TweetPage what we need to do is we need to figure out
what data this page needs from the Redux store.
So, we're going to import react-redux,
and as always, we need to connect down here.
So, what will be exported from this file or from this module,
will be the connected component.
So, we have mapStateToProps.
So, now what we're going to do is let's grab
the authedUser as well as the Tweets and all of the users.
Then again the second argument to mapStateToProps is going to be
any props that are passed to the component so we can grab those.
Then now, in order to get the ID
of the component or the Tweet that we're going to be rendering,
we can grab it from,
as I just mentioned, prop.match.params.
Again, this is coming right now manually from us.
But when we tie in React router,
it's going to be coming from React router.
Then now, the data that we want to be passed to the component is we want the ID,
which is the ID of the Tweet we're going to be rendering.
Then we want any information about the replies because we need to go ahead and show,
as I mentioned earlier,
every reply to the Tweet down here.
So, what we can do is we will say, first,
if there doesn't exist a Tweet with this ID,
then the replies is just going to be an empty array.
But if there does,
then we want to say tweets[ID],
which will be the individual tweet,
that will have a replies property on it which is an array.
So, we can call.sort because we want to sort these chronologically.
So, we can do tweets[b].timestamp-tweets[a].timestamp.
Then now, if we add this to connect,
what we should see here if we console.log,
the stock props inside of our TweetPage component.
What we should see here is we just get our normal UI.
But what we've logged to the console is right here,
so we're being passed match.params.ID.
But more importantly, we're being passed the ID of the Tweet we want to render,
as well as the replies that it contains.
So now, what that will allow us to do is inside of our render method,
let's grab the ID as well as the replies coming from this.props,
and then we're going to need a few different components that we want to render.
First, the Tweet component,
which will allow us to pass to it the ID of
this week which we already got from our replies,
as well as the tweets.
So, down here what we want to do is first,
let's render the Tweets passing it the ID.
So, if we were to just stop right here,
what would happen is our app would look like this. So, pretty good.
But what we also want is an ability to reply to this tweet as well as any of the replies.
So, what we can do is we can have a new tweet here.
If you'll remember, the way that we are telling our application that the user
is replying to a Tweet rather than creating
their own Tweet is with this ID prop right here.
So, if we pass an ID Prop to NewTweet,
that means we are replying to the tweet and the tweet we are replying to has this ID.
Then finally, what we want to do is if replies.length does not equal 0,
then what we want to show is a little header here.
We will give it a className of center.
Then we can throw in the replies.
Then we want to loop over those replies by using replies.map.
For each reply ID inside of our replies array,
what we want to do is create a list item.
We'll give it a key of whatever the replyId is.
Then we want to render our Tweet component passing it an ID,
which is going to be the replyId.
So, now, if we look at our view,
if everything is working correctly,
you'll notice here what we have is the tweet itself,
and again, this tweet is the tweet with this ID.
Then we are able to reply to this tweet as well as show all of the replies down below.
So, what should happen here,
is if everything is working previously,
and it looks like we got an error here.
This is an easy one to fix.
You'll notice this is tweet.replyTo,
but it should be replyingTo.
So, that's going to be inside of our tweets reducer right here.
This should be replyingTo.
Then now, what should happen if everything else is working,
we can reply to any Tweet we want.
You'll notice it shows up down here inside of our replies.
So now, that we have built out every view in our application,
the next thing we need to do is actually add in React router so that we can
dynamically change the component that's rendered based on the URL.